sudha shah -lrb- born 22 june 1958 in cannanore , kerala -rrb- is a former test and one day international cricketer who represented india .
she also represented tamil nadu and south zone in india 's domestic competitions .
she played a total of 21 tests and 13 one day internationals .
mark pinger -lrb- born june 26 , 1970 in kenzingen , baden-württemberg -rrb- is a former freestyle swimmer from germany , who won a total number of two bronze medals as a relay member at the summer olympics .
pinger first did so in 1992 alongside christian tröger , dirk richter , and steffen zesner .
four years later , when atlanta , georgia hosted the summer olympics , he and tröger finished third alongside brothers bengt zikarsky and björn zikarsky .
leroy fitch , born 1 october 1835 in logansport , indiana , was a member of the united states naval academy class of 1856 , and served with great distinction in the american civil war and afterward .
commanding `` moose '' in the mississippi squadron , in 1863 he pursued general john hunt morgan , csa , the famed raider , for 500 miles up the ohio river , frustrating morgan 's attempts to cross the river and retire to confederate territory .
commander fitch died in logansport , ind. , 13 april 1875 .
`` dandy '' johnny dolan -lrb- 1849 or 1850 -- april 21 , 1876 -rrb- was a new york city murderer and reputed leader of the whyos street gang .
ernst pascual jordan -lrb- 18 october 1902 -- 31 july 1980 -rrb- was a theoretical and mathematical physicist who made significant contributions to quantum mechanics and quantum field theory .
he contributed much to the mathematical form of matrix mechanics , and developed canonical anticommutation relations for fermions .
while the jordan algebra is employed for and is still used in studying the mathematical and conceptual foundations of quantum theory , it has found other mathematical applications .
ion i. câmpineanu -lrb- october 10 , 1841 -- november 13 , 1888 -rrb- was a romanian politician who served as the minister of justice from january 27 , 1877 to september 23 , 1877 , minister of finance in two terms , from september 23 , 1877 to november 25 , 1878 and from february 25 , 1880 to july 15 , 1880 , and minister of foreign affairs from november 25 , 1878 until july 10 , 1879 during the existence of united principalities .
after establishment of kingdom of romania , ion i. câmpineanu was appointed the minister of foreign affairs and held the office from february 2 , 1885 until october 27 , 1885 .
he was then the mayor of bucharest in 1887 and headed the national bank of romania as governor in 1888 before his death on november 13 , 1888 .
one of central streets in bucharest was named after câmpineanu .
his father was ion câmpineanu -lrb- 1798-1863 -rrb- , a participant in the wallachian revolution of 1848 .
harry mcmenemy -lrb- born 26 march 1912 , date of death unknown -rrb- was a scottish professional footballer who played as an inside forward .
pavel ilyich bochkaryov -lrb- ; born 9 december 1993 -rrb- is a russian football midfielder , who last played for fc vityaz podolsk .
he made his debut in the russian second division for fc vityaz podolsk on 3 september 2012 in a game against fc zvezda ryazan .
donald knight -lrb- born june 8 , 1947 -rrb- is the 1965-1967 canadian national champion in men 's singles .
he won the north american figure skating championships in 1967 , having placed third in the previous competition , in 1965 .
knight also won the bronze medal at the world figure skating championships in 1965 .
he trained with coach ellen burka .
after retiring from competitive skating , knight toured for eleven years as a principal performer with ice capades and holiday on ice in europe .
knight currently works as a skating coach consultant with the burlington skate centre and oakville skating club in halton region of ontario , canada .
amadeus iii of savoy -lrb- 1095 -- april 1148 -rrb- was count of savoy and maurienne from 1103 until his death .
he was also known as `` the crusader '' .
he was born in carignano , piedmont , the son of humbert ii of savoy and gisela of burgundy , the daughter of william i of burgundy .
he succeeded as count of savoy upon the death of his father .
amadeus had a tendency to exaggerate his titles , and also claimed to be duke of lombardy , duke of burgundy , duke of chablais , and vicar of the holy roman empire , the latter of which had been given to his father by henry iv , holy roman emperor .
he helped restore the abbey of st. maurice of agaune , in which the former kings of burgundy had been crowned , and of which he himself was abbot until 1147 .
he also founded the abbey of st. sulpicius in bugey , tamié abbey in the bauges , and hautecombe abbey on the lac du bourget .
in 1128 , amadeus extended his realm , known as the `` old chablais '' , by adding to it the region extending from the arve to the dranse d'abondance , which came to be called the `` new chablais '' with its capital at saint-maurice .
despite his marriage to mahaut , he still fought against his brother-in-law guy , who was killed at the battle of montmeillan .
following this , king louis vi of france , married to amadeus ' sister adélaide de maurienne , attempted to confiscate savoy .
amadeus was saved by the intercession of peter the hermit , and by his promise to participate in louis ' planned crusade .
in 1147 , he accompanied his nephew louis vii of france and his wife eleanor of aquitaine on the second crusade .
he financed his expedition with help from a loan from the abbey of st. maurice .
in his retinue were many barons from savoy , including the lords of faucigny , seyssel , la chambre , miolans , montbel , thoire , montmayeur , vienne , viry , la palude , blonay , chevron-villette , chignin , and châtillon .
amadeus travelled south through italy to brindisi , where he crossed over to durazzo , and marched east along the via egnatia to meet louis at constantinople in late 1147 .
after crossing into anatolia , amadeus , who was leading the vanguard , became separated from louis near laodicea , and louis ' forces were almost entirely destroyed .
marching on to adalia , louis , amadeus , and other barons decided to continue to antioch by ship .
on the journey , amadeus fell ill on cyprus , and died at nicosia in april 1148 .
he was buried in the church of st. croix in nicosia .
in savoy , his son humbert iii succeeded him , under the regency of bishop amadeus of lausanne .
august john galan -lrb- may 23 , 1912 -- december 28 , 1993 -rrb- was an american professional baseball player .
a left fielder and center fielder , he played in the major leagues from 1934 -- 49 for the chicago cubs -lrb- 1934 -- 41 -rrb- , brooklyn dodgers -lrb- 1941 -- 46 -rrb- , cincinnati reds -lrb- 1947 -- 48 -rrb- , new york giants -lrb- 1949 -rrb- and philadelphia athletics -lrb- 1949 -rrb- .
galan threw right-handed and began his career as a switch hitter , but , starting in the latter part of , he became strictly a left-handed hitter until the end of his career .
born in berkeley , california , galan stood tall and weighed .
in a 16-season big-league career , galan posted a .287 batting average with 1,706 hits , 100 home runs and 830 run batted in in 1,742 games played .
in 1937 , galan was the first player in the majors to hit switch-hit home runs in a game .
galan was selected to three national league all-star teams and homered in the 1936 contest off schoolboy rowe to help power the senior circuit to a 4 -- 3 victory .
he also played in three world series -lrb- 1935 and 1938 with the cubs , and 1941 with the dodgers -rrb- , but his teams never won .
galan collected four fall classic hits in 29 total at bats -lrb- .138 -rrb- .
in 1935 , he became the first full-time player to make 649 plate appearances and not hit into a double play , though he did hit into a triple play.often injured -lrb- he broke his knee in 1940 -rrb- , alan had a deformed arm from a childhood injury .
a knee injury forced him to give up batting from the right side of the plate .
after leaving the major leagues in 1949 , galan returned to the san francisco bay area and played two more seasons with the oakland oaks of the pacific coast league , then managed the club to a 77 -- 103 record -lrb- seventh place -rrb- in 1953 .
he joined the philadelphia athletics ' coaching staff in , their last year in that city , and went on to spend 17 years as a minor league coach and manager in the athletics ' organization .
augie galan died in fairfield , california , at 81 years of age .
98 degrees -lrb- stylized as 98 ° -rrb- is an american pop and r&b boy band consisting of four vocalists : brothers nick and drew lachey , justin jeffre , and jeff timmons .
the group was formed by timmons in los angeles , california , although all of its members originate from ohio .
unlike most boy bands , they formed independently and were later picked up by a record label , rather than being assembled by a label or a producer .
they have sold over 10 million records worldwide and achieved eight top 40 singles in the u.s. .
the group reunited for a one-time performance at mixtape festival in hershey , pa in august 2012 .
after the performance , the reunion expanded into a new album and a spot on `` the package '' tour in 2013 .
james calhoun adkins jr. -lrb- january 18 , 1915 -- june 24 , 1994 -rrb- .
adkins was a former justice for the florida supreme court .
he was a judge from the u.s. state of florida .
james adkins served on the florida supreme court from 1969 - 1987 .
from 1974 to 1976 adkins served as chief justice .
adkins graduated from the university of florida college of law in 1938 and was a member of florida blue key .
while on the florida supreme court he dealt with student anti-war demonstrations in the 1960s , and reapportionment of the state of florida in the 1970s .
jesus jesse garcia -lrb- born september 24 , 1973 in corpus christi , texas -rrb- is a major league baseball infielder , primarily at shortstop .
he bats and throws right-handed .
after attending lee junior college , garcia was drafted in the 26th round of the draft by the baltimore orioles .
it would be before garcia made his major league debut with the orioles .
on december 18 , , garcia was traded to the atlanta braves for steve sisco .
after playing the next four years for the braves , mostly for their triple-a affiliate , the richmond braves , though he did appear in a single-season career high 50 games for the braves in .
on august 24 , 2004 , garcia was released by the braves and on november 11 he signed with the san diego padres .
a free agent after the season , garcia signed a minor league contract with the houston astros .
garcia did not appear in a major league game during the and seasons , playing both seasons for the astros triple-a affiliate , the round rock express .
the astros released garcia during spring training and he signed a minor league contract with the chicago cubs .
garcia was released in early may .
laurent noël , -lrb- born march 19 , 1920 -rrb- is a canadian prelate of the roman catholic church .
noël was born in saint-just-de-bretenières , quebec and was ordained a priest on june 16 , 1944 for the diocese of sainte-anne-de-la-pocatière .
he was appointed archbishop of the archdiocese of quebec on june 25 , 1963 as well as titular bishop of agathopolis , and was consecrated on august 29 , 1963 .
he was the apostolic administrator diocese of hauterive from 1974 to 1975 .
noël was appointed to the diocese of trois-rivières on november 8 , 1975 , where he served until his retirement on november 21 , 1996 .
tjiuee uanivi -lrb- born 31 december 1990 -rrb- is a namibian rugby union player .
he plays at lock or flanker for ca brive in the top 14 .
he is considered an excellent line-out forward .
gauthier moïse andré bouchet -lrb- born november 15 , 1987 in nantes , france -rrb- , is a french politician , member of the `` front national '' -lrb- national front , `` fn '' -rrb- nationalist party , and of the `` rassemblement bleu marine '' -lrb- `` rbm '' -rrb- .
he is the son of christian bouchet , figure of french nationalism since the 1980s -lrb- troisième voie , `` lutte du peuple '' ... -rrb- .
in march 2014 , he is elected as municipal councillor of saint-nazaire , on the list of jean-claude blanchard , obtaining 13.53 % of the votes , then , district councillor of saint-nazaire in november 2014 .
since 2015 , he also represents its party as the single fn councillor within the `` communauté d'agglomération de la région nazairienne et de l'estuaire '' -lrb- carene - nazairian region and estuary agglomeration community -rrb- .
before starting his career in saint-nazaire , gauthier bouchet was one of the national leaders of `` fnj '' -lrb- fn youth organization -rrb- where he took part of the internet strategy , from 2010 to 2012 .
since its launch in april 2014 , it is one of the contributors to the `` forum du patriotisme social '' -lrb- social patriotism forum -rrb- , for which he provides regular historical articles , mainly on the history of french republican ideas .
candidate to the french 2015 departmental elections in the first canton of saint-nazaire -lrb- west saint-nazaire -rrb- , with stéphanie sutter , her colleague within the municipal council , he gathered nearly 18 % of the polls -lrb- third position behind ps and ump -rrb- .
franck jurietti -lrb- born on 30 march 1975 in valence , drôme -rrb- is a former french football defender , who spent most of his career in bordeaux .
andrulla blanchette -lrb- born androulla veronica blanchette 29 july 1966 in hackney , london -rrb- is an english professional female bodybuilder .
: `` this article is about the investor involved with hollywood films .
a different david bergstein is the spokesperson for the democratic congressional campaign committee '' david rafael bergstein -lrb- born 1962 -rrb- is an american businessman , writer and former film producer .
appapillai amirthalingam -lrb- -rrb- was a leading sri lankan tamil politician , member of parliament and leader of the opposition .
amirthalingam was assassinated by the tamil tigers .
holliston taylor coleman -lrb- born june 30 , 1992 -rrb- is an american actress .
she is perhaps best known for starring in the paramount feature film , `` bless the child '' , and her recurring role in the television series `` medium '' .
john jacob mortvedt -lrb- january 25 , 1932 - march 12 , 2012 -rrb- was an american soil scientist who worked with micronutrient fertilizer .
wilhelm röpke -lrb- october 10 , 1899 -- february 12 , 1966 -rrb- was professor of economics , first in jena , then in graz , marburg , istanbul , and finally geneva , switzerland , and one of the spiritual fathers of the social market economy , theorising and collaborating to organise the post-world war ii economic re-awakening of the war-wrecked german economy , deploying a program sometimes referred to as the `` sociological neoliberalism '' -lrb- compared to ordoliberalism , a more sociologically inclined variant of german neoliberalism -rrb- .
with alfred müller-armack and alexander rüstow -lrb- sociological neoliberalism -rrb- and walter eucken and franz böhm -lrb- ordoliberalism -rrb- he elucidated the ideas , which then were introduced formally by germany 's post-world war ii minister for economics ludwig erhard , operating under konrad adenauer 's chancellorship .
röpke and his colleagues ' economic influence therefore is considered largely responsible for enabling germany 's post-world war ii economic `` miracle . ''
röpke was also an historian .
ian clyde -lrb- born may 15 , 1956 in verdun , quebec -rrb- is a retired boxer from canada , who represented his native country at the 1976 summer olympics .
after defeating charlie magri of great britain , he was defeated in the quarterfinals of the men 's flyweight division -lrb- -- 51 kilograms -rrb- by cuba 's eventual silver medalist ramón duvalón .
clyde won a silver medal at the 1978 commonwealth games and a bronze medal at the 1979 pan american games .
ian clyde has followed his career as a professional athlete to offer personal fitness boxing coaching and competitive boxing instruction to young athletes in montreal .
sándor szoboszlai or szoboszlay -lrb- 22 march 1925 -- 4 january 2013 -rrb- was a hungarian actor .
ben blackwell -lrb- born benjamin jesse blackwell on june 12 , 1982 -rrb- is the creator and director of cass records , one of two drummers in the detroit-based rock band the dirtbombs , an music writer , and a vinyl record collector .
he 's an employee at third man records and the official archivist of the white stripes .
Éric bernard -lrb- born 24 august 1964 -rrb- is a retired french formula one racing driver , who drove for the ligier , larrousse and lotus teams .
bernard was born in martigues , near marseille .
he started karting in 1976 and in the seven years that followed , won four french titles .
in 1983 he attended racing school at paul ricard and was one of the finalists at the volant elf competition .
he beat jean alesi and bertrand gachot to the prize , earning himself a fully sponsored drive in formula renault for 1984 .
he finished sixth in the series , but won the following year , and entering french formula three in 1986 .
he won the series the following year , finishing in second place for the championship , behind his old rival , alesi .
in 1988 he entered formula 3000 .
in 1989 , he was called up to the french larrousse team for the french grand prix , replacing yannick dalmas .
on his debut , he ran as high as 5th place , and was still in 7th when his lamborghini v12 engine failed a few laps from the end -lrb- alesi also debuted at the race for tyrrell , running as high as 2nd before finally finishing 4th -rrb- .
bernard stood in again at the following british grand prix , before returning to his formula 3000 commitments with dams .
he was rewarded with a full-season drive for larrousse in 1990 .
he took his first point for 6th place at the monaco grand prix , and his best result came at silverstone in the british grand prix , where he took 4th place .
bernard elected to stay on at larrousse for the 1991 season , but the team were in trouble , losing their lamborghini engines to the quasi-works modena team , having their 1990 points stripped by the fia and also losing sponsors .
bernard took 6th place in the mexican grand prix , which was the last points finish for larrousse with lola cars , but slipped back down the field , failing to qualify for the first time in his career at the portuguese grand prix - partially due to a bereavement .
worse was to come , however , when bernard broke his leg in the first practice session for the japanese grand prix .
bernard fought back to fitness , and for the 1993 season his old sponsors elf managed to get him into a test driver seat for the ligier team .
the two-year testing contract paid off , as a team backer was jailed for fraud before the 1994 season , and the reduced budget saw bernard promoted to a race seat , alongside rookie olivier panis .
sadly for bernard , panis largely outpaced him , and the team 's renault v10 engine was counterweighted by the team using a `` b '' - spec version of the 1993 js39 chassis - by this time a very unusual practice in formula one which greatly harmed competitiveness .
bernard took third place in the high-attrition german grand prix , but by the european grand prix he was dropped in order to accommodate johnny herbert .
he was engaged by herbert 's previous team , team lotus , to fill the seat at the european gp , but it was to be his last f1 drive , with mika salo taking over later in the season .
for 1995 , he was linked to a return to larrousse , but the team folded before the season began .
bernard moved to sportscars , enjoying considerable success in gt and alms series .
carina round is a british singer-songwriter from wolverhampton in the west midlands of england .
germán mera cáceres -lrb- born march 5 , 1990 -rrb- is a colombian footballer who plays as a defender for deportivo cali .
born in the city of cali , he has also played for córdoba , atlético la sabana and deportivo pasto .
on may 6 , 2013 he went on loan to the colorado rapids of major league soccer .
senthil is an actor from tamil nadu , india .
he is notable for his comedian roles along with fellow actor goundamani .
ryan bedford -lrb- born october 20 , 1986 in yuma , arizona -rrb- is an american speed skater who competed at the 2010 winter olympics .
, originally known as , was a japanese noble of the early heian period .
he reached the court rank of and the position of `` sangi '' .
zdeněk rytíř -lrb- 11 april 1944 − 2 october 2013 -rrb- was a czech composer , lyricist , musician and singer .
rytíř was born on 11 april 1944 in tábor , south bohemian region .
rytíř died of a heart attack on 2 october 2013 , aged 69 , in czech republic .
kenneth r. koedinger -lrb- born 1962 in wisconsin -rrb- is a professor of human -- computer interaction and psychology at carnegie mellon university .
he is founding and current director of the pittsburgh science of learning center .
he is widely known for his role in the development of the cognitive tutor software .
he is widely published in cognitive psychology , intelligent tutoring systems , and educational data mining , and his research group has repeatedly won `` best paper '' awards at scientific conferences in those areas , such as the edm2008 best paper , its2006 best paper , its2004 best paper , and its2000 best paper .
koedinger studied mathematics and computer science at the university of wisconsin -- madison , working with richard lehrer , and obtained a doctorate in psychology from carnegie mellon university .
his doctoral advisor was john robert anderson .
he then worked as a research scientist , associate professor , and finally full professor at carnegie mellon university .
he has had many prestigious graduate students and post-doctoral fellows , in particular neil heffernan and vincent aleven .
suvanant kongying -lrb- ; ; born july 22 , 1978 , in bangkok -rrb- , also known by her nickname kob -lrb- ; -rrb- , is a thai actress .
she was the lead actress in many thai lakorns in the 1990s-2000s .
she has appeared in several `` lakorns '' -lrb- dramas -rrb- , including `` dao pra sook '' with sornram teppitak , in which she played dao , the main character .
she has been voted people 's choice winner for top actress for many years .
she 's considered thailand 's most famous actress and her leading lakorn partner is sornram teppitak .
suvanant was born in sirirat hospital , and lived with her grandmother at chachoengsao when she was a baby .
she moved to bangkok with her family when she was three to four years old .
her father , amnuay kongying -lrb- d. november 2001 -rrb- , was a teacher , and her mother , ubonrat kongying , works at the ministry of agriculture and cooperative .
she also have a younger brother name apisith golf kongying .
suvanant began acting from a very young age .
her first performance in a traditional thai folklore drama won her widespread popularity and her first major acting award , to which she has since added many .
she went on to star in `` dao pra sook '' -lrb- `` morning star '' -rrb- , in which she played a teenager abandoned as a baby but who grows up to find that she is after all wanted by many people , including the leading male character portrayed by sornram theppitak .
she now married with danuporn poonnakan also known as brook who had been her acting partner .
suvanant graduated with a bachelor 's degree from the private rangsit university , she was paid an undisclosed sum of money -- believed to be millions of baht -- to act as a presenter for `` mistine '' cosmetics .
suvanant is also a professional ice skating champion .
in 2003 a cambodian tabloid reported that suvanant kongying made a speech claiming that angkor wat belonged to thailand , the allegation which was later found to be groundless .
this prompted the 2003 phnom penh riots , in which the thai embassy in cambodia was destroyed .
suvanant is also known for co-hosting the famous show jun pun dao with nattawut skidjai .
brendan bowyer -lrb- born 12 october 1938 in waterford , ireland -rrb- is an irish showband singer best known for fronting the royal showband and the big eight , and who had five number one hits in ireland .
he is also renowned for having the beatles open for him at a concert in 1962 at the liverpool empire theatre , and being regarded as one of the first headlining elvis impersonators .
elvis presley himself was a big fan of brendan 's performances and would often attend bowyers concerts in the stardust resort & casino , las vegas during the 1970s .
virus -lrb- born andre michel karkos in rochester , new york -rrb- is a singer/songwriter , guitarist , producer , most recognized for playing lead guitar for the american industrial metal/rock band dope .
he is also known for his work with metal band device .
fausto isidro meza flores -lrb- born june 19 , 1982 -rrb- , commonly referred to by his criminal alias el chapo isidro -lrb- `` shorty isidro '' -rrb- , is a mexican drug lord and high-ranking leader of the beltrán leyva cartel , a drug trafficking organization .
he is also the alleged leader of los mazatlecos and the right-hand man of the drug lord héctor beltrán leyva .
andrew johnston -lrb- born 24 july 1978 -rrb- is a retired british ice hockey player .
johnston won the bh cup as a member of the 1998-99 guildford flames , and was a member of the 2000-01 epihl champion swindon phoenix team .
paul robert whitaker -lrb- born 28 june 1973 in keighley -rrb- is a former english cricketer .
whitaker was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm off-break .
in 1996 , he began working on `` garouden '' , an original work by baku yumemakura .
he has also collaborated on the series `` garouden boy '' .
prior to becoming a manga artist , he served 5 years in the 1st airborne brigade of the japan ground self-defense force .
during his service he practiced amateur boxing , and has competed in the national sports festival .
he also holds a degree in shorinji kempo , which he has practiced since he was a teenager .
michael schottenberg -lrb- born 10 july 1952 -rrb- is an austrian actor , film director and screenwriter .
his film `` the arrival of averill '' was screened in the un certain regard section at the 1992 cannes film festival .
sterling carl campbell -lrb- 1896/97 - september 6 , 1990 -rrb- was a canadian aviator and film director best known for the 1947 film `` bush pilot '' , one of the first narrative feature films ever produced by a canadian film production company .
campbell served in the royal canadian army during world war i .
he later worked in hollywood , california as a technical and action assistant director , including the films `` wings '' , `` dawn patrol '' , `` hell 's angels '' , `` air circus '' , `` legion of the condemned '' , `` forced landing '' and `` ceiling zero '' , and as an assistant to cecil b. demille and howard hawks .
he also had minor acting roles in the films `` forced landing '' , `` hands across the table '' , `` professional soldier '' and `` love is news '' .
he subsequently returned to canada , where he served in the royal canadian air force during world war ii .
he married margaret campbell , later a toronto city councillor and member of provincial parliament , in 1941 .
with geoffrey wood , larry cromien and austin willis , campbell launched dominion productions in 1946 .
`` bush pilot '' was the company 's first film .
due to poorer than expected revenues , however , the company never released another film under their management , and was subsequently acquired by arthur gotlieb .
campbell ran for a toronto city council seat in the 1956 municipal election , but fell while campaigning , exacerbating an old war injury and remaining bedridden for several months ; despite having effectively dropped his campaign , he finished third behind the winners , william dennison and may birchard , and ahead of incumbent councillor edgar roxborough .
in the subsequent 1958 municipal election , margaret campbell ran for council instead , winning the seat and beginning her own long career in politics .
his son sterling campbell , jr. was a city councillor and member of provincial parliament in sudbury in the 1970s and 1980s .
he died on september 6 , 1990 in toronto .
velimir naumović serbian cyrillic : beлимиp haумoвић -lrb- march 19 , 1936 in belgrade , kingdom of yugoslavia -- december 20 , 2011 -rrb- was a serbian striker who played for sfr yugoslavia .
suzan sabancı dinçer , cbe -lrb- born 1965 , istanbul -rrb- , a member of the sabancı family in third generation , is a turkish businesswoman .
she is currently chairperson and executive board member of akbank , as well as board member of sabancı holding .
dwight may sabin -lrb- april 25 , 1843december 22 , 1902 -rrb- was an american politician who served as u.s. senator from minnesota and in the minnesota legislature .
james michael `` jim '' slezak is a michigan politician who served in michigan state 's house of representatives .
suman ghosh -lrb- born 1972 -rrb- , is a bengali film director , and an associate professor of economics at florida atlantic university .
otto haesler -lrb- 13 june 1880 - 2 april 1962 -rrb- was an influential german architect .
he is often grouped with bruno taut , ernst may and walter gropius as being among the most significant representatives of the modernist -lrb- '' `` neues bauen '' '' -rrb- architecture that became important initially during the weimar period , notably in respect of residential accommodation .
ron kimmel -lrb- , b. 1963 -rrb- is a professor of computer science at the technion israel institute of technology .
he holds a d.sc .